leopard is sad probably 15 or 20 meters
away from us and although she's so close
sandy spotted coloration just disappears
in amongst these grasses and it's just
sat up she's moving just moving forward
slightly so we can see her and it
started raining there look at that oh my
goodness that is so beautiful
it's our first clear look at the leopard
and we can see the warthogs blood on its
fur there's a den there at the base of
that termite mounds and she's going in
she's going in
no just can't seem to make up her mind
it just shows how difficult life is for
a predator here everything that they
might want to eat has tusks horns hooves
just imagine what it would be like if
every single time you wanted to have a
meal we had to put your life at risk
that's effectively what's happening for
this leopard here if that warthogs still
alive it's still a mortal danger to her
and yet it's just another day in the
life of one of Africa's top predators
this standoff could go on for hours even
days the lights and our time is running
out and KITT is beginning to die but our
leopard isn't done yet
I'm shooting right down here and looking
straight at me and coming out into the
open I do not believe this
this is Africa's most elusive most
secretive cat just wandering around
trying to figure out what her next moves
gonna be I have never seen anything like
this in my life if she gets any closer
guys don't move a muscle
knowing that she's perfectly capable of
springing into the back of our truck in
an instant
certainly heightens the nerves she's
closer than any of us had ever dared
hope
you